Basheer Hanif Mohamed
basheer.hanif@gmail.com
-----.Github
|----src
   |______(python files constitubuting the end-to-end ML pipeline in .py forma)
|----readme.md
|----eda.ipynb
|----requirements.txt
|----run.sh
--List Of Attributes (Weather.db)
data_ref A unique alpha-numeric entry generated by computer
date The date when the data was recorded
Wet bulb temperature Temperature incorporating humidity effect.
Daily Rainfall Total (mm) Total rainfall recorded in a day, in millimeters.
Highest 30 Min Rainfall (mm) Maximum rainfall in any 30-minute period of the day, in millimeters.
Highest 60 Min Rainfall (mm) Maximum rainfall in any 60-minute period of the day, in millimeters.
Highest 120 Min Rainfall (mm) Maximum rainfall in any 120-minute period of the day, in millimeters.
Min Temperature (deg C) Minimum temperature of the day, in Celsius.
Maximum Temperature (deg C) Highest temperature recorded on the day, in Celsius.
Min Wind Speed (km/h) Minimum wind speed of the day, in km/h.
Max Wind Speed (km/h) Maximum wind speed recorded on the day, in km/h.
Sunshine Duration (hrs) Duration of sunshine in hours for the day.
Cloud Cover (%) Percentage of the sky covered by clouds.
Relative Humidity (%) Average relative humidity for the day, in percentage.
Air Pressure (hPa) Atmospheric air pressure, in hectopascal (hPa).
Dew Point Category Category of dew point temperature conditions.
Wind Direction General direction from which the wind is coming.
Daily Solar Panel Efficiency Efficiency rate of solar panels for the day
--List Of Attributes (air_quality.db)
data_ref A unique alpha-numeric entry generated by computer
date The date when the data was recorded
PM25 North Particulate matter of 2.5 micrometers in the north.
PM25 South Particulate matter of 2.5 micrometers in the south.
PM25 East Particulate matter of 2.5 micrometers in the east.
PM25 West Particulate matter of 2.5 micrometers in the west.
PM25 Central Particulate matter of 2.5 micrometers in the central area.
PSI North Pollutant Standards Index in the north.
PSI South Pollutant Standards Index in the south.
PSI East Pollutant Standards Index in the east.
PSI West Pollutant Standards Index in the west.
PSI Central Pollutant Standards Index in the central area.
